BZ-1920414: Clarifying the revision numbers are examples (#30077)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dr-restoring-cluster-state.adoc

[source,terminal]
----
AllNodesAtLatestRevision
3 nodes are at revision 7 <1>
----

> <1> Confirm that this message states that all nodes are at the latest revision number, which in this example is 7.

Reviewer: We don't usually give instructions in callouts, so I might say:
```suggestion
<1> In this example, the latest revision number is `7`.
```

Author: Good point. I'll adjust

+

> If the output shows a message such as `2 nodes are at revision 6; 1 nodes are at revision 7`, this means that the update is still in progress. Wait a few minutes and try again.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
If the output includes multiple revision numbers, such as `2 nodes are at revision 6; 1 nodes are at revision 7`, this means that the update is still in progress. Wait a few minutes and try again.
```
